CHALLENGE
MPG Regression—Interpretation of multiple linear regression results:
To better predict the mpg dependent variable, we inspect how different vehicle length, vehicle weight, spoiler angle, ground clearance, and drivetrain contribute to mpg using multiple linear regression
-	Which variables/coefficients provided a non-random amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset? To determine which variables provide a significant contribution to the linear model, we look at the individual variable p-values. As shown in summary output, the Pr(>|t|) value represents the probability that each coefficient contributes a random amount of variance to the linear model. According to the results, vehicle length, ground clearance and intercept are unlikely to provide random amounts of variance to the linear model
 
-	Is the slope of the linear model considered to be zero? Why or why not?
No, the slope of the linear model is not 0. because the p-value (5.35e-11) is much smaller than assumed significance level of 0.05%. Therefore, there is sufficient evidence to reject the null hypothesis, which means that the slope linear model is not 0.
-	Does this linear model predict mpg of MechaCar prototypes effectively? Why or why not? 
Yes. Multiple R-squared value (0.7149) is also known as the coefficient of determination and represents how well the regression model approximates real-world data points. In this case R-squared value is relatively high, thus we can conclude that the model predict mpg of MechaCar prototypes effectively


Suspension Coil Summary
By using groupby() and summarise() function within a dplyr pipe, we can create a summary statistics table for the suspension coil’s PSI produced in 3 different lots as shown in (insert table)
- The design specifications for the MechaCar suspension coils dictate that the variance of the suspension coils must not exceed 100 pounds per inch. Does the current manufacturing data meet this design specification? Why or why not? The variance of suspension coils is relatively small for Lot 1 and 2 (0.98 and 7.47) so the current manufacturing data meet design specification for Lot 1 and Lot 2. In Lot 3, the variance is 170.29, higher than 100, thus the manufacturing data does not meet design specification for Lot 3. 

Suspension Coil T-Test
Determine if the suspension coil’s pound-per-inch results are statistically different from the mean population. As the mean of population distribution is known (1,500 PSI), we run independent one sample t-Test for the 3 Lot in this case. First, define the hypotheses: 

Null hypothesis: There is no statistical difference between the observed sample mean and its presumed population mean.
Alternative hypothesis: There is a statistical difference between the observed sample mean and its presumed population mean.

To determine whether there is a statistical difference between the mean of sample distribution and population mean, we compare p-value with our assumed significance level 0.05%. 
-	Test 1, p-value=1 > 0.05, we do not have sufficient evidence to reject the null hypothesis. As a result, the two means are statistically similar
-	Test 2, p-value=0.6072 > 0.05, we do not have sufficient evidence to reject the null hypothesis. As a result, the two means are statistically similar
-	Test 3, p-value=0.04168 < 0.05, we have sufficient evidence to reject the null hypothesis. As a result, the two means are statistically different


Design Your Own Study
To design a statistical study that compares the performance of the MechaCar prototype vehicle to other comparable vehicles on the market. These are the questions I need to answer:

What metrics would be of interest to a consumer
-	Cost, fuel efficiency, color options, reliability, horsepower, interior and exterior design, depreciation in value…

Determine what question we would ask, what the null and alternative hypothesis would be to answer that question, and what statistical test could be used to test this hypothesis.
The question: Can we predict customer’s interest using a linear model and values of the metrics listed above? And which variables provide significant contribution to the model.

The statistic test to use: Multiple Linear Regression
Null hypothesis: The slope of the linear model is 0
Alternative hypothesis: The slope of the linear model is not 0

Knowing what test should be used, what data should be collected? 
Cost: car price
Fuel efficiency: mile per gallon
Color options: number of color options
Reliability: Consumer Reports' reliability ratings or customer survey on a scale of 1 to 5
Horsepower: car horsepower
Design: customer survey on a scale of 1 to 5
Depreciation in value: depreciation after 5 years

